
'''
Press this key to execute a command: enter
Keys that let you run a previously typed command again: up/down arrows
Key to press to auto-complete a filename or command: tab
Shortcut for current directory (one character): .
Shortcut for directory one level up from current: ..
Shortcut for your home directory (one character): ~
Shortcut for the top of the entire file system (one character): /
Characters to put around a filename that has spaces:
Wildcard character: *

Fill in the blank, what is the linux command to do each of the following.

Get how long since last system reboot:
Get information about disk free space:
Get which user is currently logged in on the terminal: hostname
Get what computer are you currently running commands on: who
Get which directory are you inside of:
Clear the terminal screen: clear
See which other users are currently logged in: finger
Help about a command (manual): man
Change directory: cd
Make a new directory: mkdir
List directory contents: ls
Flag/option to use with previous command to list details of files:
Copy file(s): cp
Remove files: rm
Remove directory: rm dir
Move or rename a file or directory: mv
A terminal text editor: nano
Change your password: passwd
Print out first few lines of a file:
Change file permissions:
Display current system memory usage:
See current time and date:
Give the complete linux terminal command to complete each of the following tasks. Tasks such as these could be asked about.

Create a new directory HELLO in your home directory:
Copy the contents of jkinne's GREAT directory into your home directory:
Change directory to your home directory:
Check to see who is logged in:
List the contest of the directory ~cs151/ including the sizes of the files:
Python Keywords and Functions
What is the python keyword or function for each of the following.

exit the current loop: break
in a loop, go to next iteration of the loop: continue
determine whether two objects are the same object (not just value):
load a module (two keywords): import
declare a function: def
loop with only condition:
conditional statements (three keywords):
loop with that iterates through a list:
keyword to send a value back from a function: return
boolean operator, True only if both sides are True: ==
boolean operator, True if either side is True: or
boolean operator, negates: not
boolean values (two keywords):
remove from a list by position: del
handle an exception, basic use (2 keywords): except
raise/indicate an exception (2 keywords):
test if something is inside of a list/string/tuple/dictionary: in
special value for a variable that has no value: none
empty statement that does not do anything:
function to write to the screen: print
functions to convert to integer, floating point number, or string (3 functions): int(), float(), str()
function to generate a sequence of numbers: range()
function to get the length of a string, list, or tuple: len()
What is the name of the following programming concept.

text data type: string
data type for True and False: boolean
data type that stores numbers with fractional parts (e.g., 3.14 or 2.2): float
data type that stores only integers:
Python Operators and Expressions
What are the Python3 operators for each of the following.

multiplication, subtraction, addition: *, -, +
integer division: %
floating point division:
remainder:
exponentiation:
testing membership in a string, tuple, or list:
Evaluate the following Python3 expressions. Expressions similar to these could be asked.

4 - 2 * 1: 2
1 + 2 ** 3: 9
7 // 2:
'hello'[0:2]:
range(0, 4):
0
1
2
3

'3' + '2': '32'
int('3') + int('2'): 5
'3' * 2: '33'
'Hello'.upper(): HELLO
len('hi there'): 8
Basic Python Programs
Write a complete and correct Python3 program to do the following. Programs of similar complexity as these could be asked.

Print the integers from 1 to 10 along with those numbers squared.
Take two integers as input from the user and print a rectangle of *'s with those dimensions.
Ask the user for the answer. If they type "42", print "but what is the question.". If they don't type "42" ask again, and keep asking until they type "42".
Print the powers of 2 up to 1024 (which is 2**10).
Play Computer
Write down all variables in each of the following programs and keep track of their values as well as what is printed on the screen. Programs of similar complexity as these could be asked.

def fun(n):
  if n <= 0: return
  print(n)
  fun(n//2)
fun(42)
for i in range(0, 5):
  for j in range(i, 5):
    print('x'*j)
L = 'what is the meaning of this?'.split()
for x in L:
  print(x, 'a' in x)
'''
